CVS-46606 Custom node implementation for OCR (#541)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/dag_scheduler.md

    Each model input needs to be mapped to some node's `data_item` - input from gRPC/REST `request` or another `DL model` output. 
    Outputs of the node may be mapped to another node's inputs or the `response` node, meaning it will be exposed in gRPC/REST response. 

### Custom node type

* custom - that node can be used to implement all operations on the data which can not be handled by the neural network model. It is represented by
a C++ dynamic library implementing OVMS API defined in [custom_node_interface.h](../src/custom_node_interface.h). Custom nodes can run the data

> processing using OpenCV, which is included in OVMS, or in could include other third-party components. Custom node libraries are integrated with OVMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing using OpenCV, which is included in OVMS, or include other third-party components. Custom node libraries are integrated with OVMS
```

> processing using OpenCV, which is included in OVMS, or in could include other third-party components. Custom node libraries are integrated with OVMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing using OpenCV, which is included in OVMS, or in could include other third-party components. Custom node libraries are loaded into OVMS
```

 by adding its definition to the pipeline configuration. The configuration includes a path to the compiled binary with `.so` extension. 

> Unlike models, custom nodes are not versioned.

Reviewer: I don't think this brings anything. 

We mention that pipelines are not versioned, custom nodes are extension of pipelines.

Author: I think it is a relevant information that custom node libs can now be versioned like models. This is also a difference with triton

Reviewer: In doc custom node libs are not versioned. Either I would skip this information or provide  instruction if someone wants to use new version of library.

Reviewer 2: "Custom nodes are not versioned, meaning one custom node library is bound to one name. To load another version, another name needs to be used."

                        {"data_item": "<model output>",
                         "alias": "<node output name>"}
                    ] 
                },
                {
                    "name": "custon_node_name",
                    "library_name": "custom_node_lib",
                    "type": "custom",
                    "params": {
                        "param1": "value1",
                        "param2": "value2",
                    },
                    "inputs": [
                        {"input": {"node_name": "request",  # reference to pipeline input
                                   "data_item": "<input1>"}}  # input name from the request
                    ], 
                    "outputs": [

>                         {"data_item": "<output>",
>                             "alias": "<output>"},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        {"data_item": "<library_output>",
                            "alias": "<node_output>"},
```
?

|`"alias"`|string|Is a name assigned to data item, makes it easier to refer to results of this node in subsequent nodes|&check;|

### Custom node options explained

In case the pipeline definition includes the custom node, the configuration file must include `custom_node_library_config_list`
section. It includes:
|Option|Type|Description|Required|
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|`"name"`|string|The name of the custom node library - it will be used as a reference in the custom node pipeline definition |&check;|
|`"base_path"`|string|Path the the dynamic library with the custom node implementation|&check;|

Custom node definition in the pipeline configuration is similar to the model node. Node inputs and outputs are configurable in 
the same way. Custom node functions just like a standard mode in that respect. The differences is in extra parameters:

|Option|Type|Description|Required|
|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|`"library_name"`|string|Name of the custom node library defined in `custom_node_library_config_list`|&check;|
|`"type"`|string|Must be set to `custom`|&check;|

> |`"params"`| json object with string values| a list of parameters and their values which could be used in the custom node implementation|&check;|

Reviewer: Are params really allways necessary?
